[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[child]
Chico Bon Bon and the Spatula Showdown.
[energetic music playing]
[grunts]
-[dings]
-Yes!
Tiny passes more plastic...
Chico dribbles...
he shoots...
He scores!
-And the crowd goes wild!
-[music stops]
Are you done fixing
my lemonade problem yet, Chico?
Almost, Mr. McFluster.
Check it out.
The fantastic plastic printer.
Made by Chico Bon Bon.
This baby lets us reuse
old plastic to make something new.
-[whistle blows]
-Like this plastic ice cube tray.
It even makes its own ice cubes.
Oh, just what I need
to keep my lemonade cool.
Just twist this super bendy plastic tray
and ice cubes away!
Ooh. It is super bendy!
Oh, thanks, Chico.
Stay cool, Mr. McFluster. Stay...
cool.
[Neil] Sunday, Sunday, Sunday.
That's today.
It's time for the Flapjack Fliptacular.
Two fearless daredevils
will rocket-skate down a track
to a sizzling griddle to see
who is the ultimate pancake flipper.
It's Storm Cloud Lightning
versus Rainbow Thunder.
That's our Rainbow Thunder.
[Neil] One of them will win
the Golden Pancake trophy!
Whoa!
[Neil] Tune in to see
Storm Cloud Lightning and Rainbow Thunder
go spatula to spatula.
-Whoo-hoo-hoo! Rainbow!
-Go, Rainbow Thunder, go!
Wait, where is Rainbow Thunder?
-Hmm. [gasps]
-[alarm blares]
Chico, the banana phone.
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon!
You got a problem? We can solve ‘em!
Chico, I need your help.
Rainbow, where are you?
Um...
[chuckles] Uh... didn't see you there.
Chico, Storm Cloud Lightning's
one of the best flippers around.
To beat him,
I'll need to do something amazing:
a triple pancake flip!
A triple flip?
But that's never ever been done.
That's why I need your help.
We've gotta engineer a brand new spatula
that can flip the flap out of a pancake.
Rainbow, that problem's no problem.
Fix-It Force, to the Spatulab!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
Whoa.
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
Mmm... wait a second.
Isn't the Spatulab just upstairs?
Oh, right.
To the Spatulab!
To do the triple flip,
I'm going to need a spatula
that's made of something flexible.
That's when something bends,
but doesn't break.
Flexible.
Clark, any ideas?
How about a bendy metal spatula?
No. Not bendy enough.
Cardboard!
Too bendy.
What else we got?
[Clark] Stone?
Cheese?
Sand?
Agh!
None of the spatulas
have the right amount of flexibility.
Maybe you need a banana break.
Good idea.
[ding]
[Chico] Okay, Rainbow's spatula's
gotta bend but not break.
-[buzzer]
-Not bendy.
-Too bendy.
-[buzzer]
-Broken.
All this thinking is making me thirsty.
I wish I had an ice cold drink.
Wait a minute. Ice cold.
Ice cub tray!
[ding]
Super bendy!
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We need to make
Rainbow's spatula out of plastic.
Of course!
Plastic can be really bendy,
but doesn't break.
Just like
Mr. McFluster's bendy ice cube tray.
It'll be purr-fect
for doing a triple flip!
Clark, my fantastic plastic printer,
please.
[grunts]
[Chico] Old plastic goes in, and...
-[whistle blows]
-...bendy plastic spatula comes out!
[Rainbow] It's beautiful.
Give it a try, Rainbow.
[all in slow motion]
One, two, three...
Triple flip!
Mmm. And triple delicious.
Thanks, guys. Now nothing can stop me
from winning that Golden Pancake trophy.
Nothing, you say?
Storm Cloud Lightning, what can we expect
to see from you tonight?
Well, Neil, Rainbow's gonna be tough
to beat out there,
but I've got a secret weapon.
My flexible plastic spatula.
It's so bendy I can do this.
One, two, three. Triple flip.
Mmm. Triple delicious!
[all gasp]
Storm Cloud can do the triple flip, too?
Oh, man.
If Storm Cloud's got a plastic spatula
like mine, there's no way I can win.
Don't give up, Rainbow.
This competition's about flipping
your flapjack with style.
So it's not just the tool,
it's how you use it.
Yeah.
You've gotta learn to use it with style.
Come on!
[action music playing]
-Whoo hoo! Awesome! Way to go!
-All right! Yeah!
[Neil] Hello, Blunderburg!
Hold on to your forks,
'cause the Flapjack Fliptacular
is about to begin.
[crowd cheering]
Okay, champ, are you ready?
Yeah! Nothing can stop me now...
because it's not just the tool...
It's how you use it!
Time to flip some pancakes.
[Neil] The first flipper is
Storm Cloud Lightning!
-Good luck, Storm Cloud.
-You too.
See you on the flip side.
[Neil] There he goes.
Here comes the flip.
[crowd] One, two, three!
[Neil] Oh, my! Un-flipping-believable!
A triple flip!
[all] Yeah! Whoo hoo!
Judges?
[squawks]
A perfect score! That'll be tough to beat.
But let's see
if Rainbow Thunder can do it.
Pow pow meow!
[both gasp]
[crowd] One, two, three!
[cheering]
Unbelievable, another triple flip!
But will it be enough
to impress the judges?
[squawks]
[Neil] Oh, looks like we have a tie!
That means it's time for...
[thunder rumbles]
...the Thunder and Lightning round!
The one who dazzles the crowd
with the most amazing moves
will win the Golden Pancake trophy!
Flippers to the starting line.
On your marks...
get set...
flip!
[action music playing]
-Come on, Rainbow!
-You can do it!
[Neil] Oh, there's only one pancake left.
Who will flip it?
[both gasp]
[both grunting]
Hold up!
Storm Cloud,
what if we use the flexible flipping power
of both our spatulas on this last pancake?
You mean, you and I team up?
If we work together,
I bet we can flip it four times.
A quadruple flip!
But that's never been done.
You really think we can do it?
I know we can,
'cause it's not just the tool...
[both] It's how we use it!
Come on, follow my lead.
[all gasp]
Pow pow meow!
[crowd] One, two, three...
four! [cheering]
[Neil] They've done it!
They've joined forces and pulled off
the first quadruple flip in history!
The winners are Storm Cloud Lightning
and Rainbow Thunder.
[cheering]
-Yeah!
-You did it!
Nice moves out there, Rainbow.
Aw. I couldn't have done it
without the Fix-It Force.
-[all] Yeah!
-[Chico laughs]
But wait, there's two winners,
but only one trophy.
I can fix that.
Time to do your thing, trophy saw.
Awesome!
Yeah!
Now there's only one thing left to do:
eat all these pancakes.
[all] Mmm. Yummy.